Instructions:
-------------
0) Finish preparing your solutions to the Homework 2 exercises.

1) You should not share any of your source files, test output
   files, or other materials (for example, testing tools,
   attempts to reverse engineer the testinf program, etc.) with
   any other students.  Any sharing of this kind may be
   considered a breach of academic integrity.

2) Your solutions should be saved in plain text, assembly language
   source files called program1.s, program2.s, program3.s,
   program4.s, program5.s, and program6.s, all of which should be
   derived from either the linux.s or mac.s templates that were
   supplied with the homework materials.  You should include ALL
   six files in this directory.  If you did not attempt one or
   more of the problems, use an unmodified (but suitably renamed)
   copy of the template to fill the gap.

3) Put copies of your six assembly language source files in the
   directory that contains this README file as well as munge.c
   and the supplied "Makefile".  You are strongly encouraged to
   keep a backup of your source files in a different directory,
   and to check that you have included the correct versions of
   those files here before submitting.

4) Edit the line near the top of the Makefile that sets the
   PSUID variable so that the right hand side is your nine digit
   PSU Id number.  Make sure you enter this number correctly to
   ensure that you receive credit for your solutions.

5) Type "make".  This will compile each of your programs and
   subject them to a collection of tests, capturing the output
   in each case and then packaging those outputs, together with
   your source code, in a single zip file whose name includes
   your PSU Id.

6) To complete your submission, upload your zip file to D2L.
   Do not submit any other materials or use any other file
   formats to prepare your submission.  You may upload multiple
   versions of your solution prior to the deadline for submission;
   only your last submission will be retained.

Please post questions on D2L or send email to mpj@pdx.edu if you
have any problems with the procedure that is described here.

A NOTES:

- The main testing program, munge.c, has been obfuscated, not
  because it contains any special secrets (it doesn't!) but
  simply to discourage you from worrying about what the test
  program does.  From my perspective, if you have any energy
  for deciphering munge.c, that would probably be better
  directed towards developing and testing your solutions!

